# Athena-voice-assistant
1.1 Purpose This project is a cloud-based program that requires internet-connected devices  and applications to work. This purpose behind this project is that it be able to  will help users or enterprises to manage a set of tasks, previously only made  possible by humans.  1.2 Product Features It is able to interpret human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Users  can ask their assistants questions, media playback via voice and manage other  basic tasks such as internet surfing, sending mails and answering basic  computational queries with verbal commands.  2. System Analysis  2.1 Hardware Requirements  Pentium IV or higher, (PIV-300GHz recommended)  4 GB RAM  1 Gb hard drive free space  Microphone required 2.2 Software Used Any system configuration can be used but we’ll suggest using Visual Studio as it  is what we have used.  VS Code Visual Studio Code, also commonly referred to as VS Code, is a source-code  editor made by Microsoft for Windows, Linux and mac OS. Features include  support for debugging, syntax highlighting, intelligent code completion, snippets,  code refactoring, and embedded GIT. Users can change the theme, keyboard  shortcuts, preferences, and install extensions that add additional functionality. Visual Studio Code is a source-code editor that can be used with a variety of  programming languages, including Java, JavaScript, Go, Node.js, Python, C++,  C, Rust and Fortran. ATHENA Language used:  Python is a high-level, interpreted, general-purpose programming  language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability with the  use of significant indentation. It is dynamically-typed and garbage-collected. It supports multiple  programming paradigms, including structured (particularly  procedural), object-oriented and functional programming. It is often  described as a "batteries included" language due to its comprehensive  standard library. Python is meant to be an easily readable language. Its formatting is  visually uncluttered and often uses English keywords where other  languages use punctuation. Unlike many other languages, it does not  use curly brackets to delimit blocks, and semicolons after statements  are allowed but rarely used. It has fewer syntactic exceptions and  special cases than C or Pascal.
